License available at: https://bitcasa.com/personal/legal


 Terms of Service

Last Updated: November 19, 2013

Thank you for using Bitcasa! These Terms of Service (the “Terms”) govern your
access to and use of the Bitcasa, Inc. (“Bitcasa”, “we” or “our”) websites and
services (the “Services”), so please carefully read them before using the
Services. By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you
are using the Services on behalf of an organization, you are agreeing to these
Terms for that organization and promising that you have the authority to bind
that organization to these terms. In that case, “you” and “your” will refer to
that organization.

You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms. You acknowledge
and agree that you have the power to form a contract with Bitcasa and are not
barred under any applicable laws from doing so. The Services may continue to
change over time as we refine and add more features. We may stop, suspend, or
modify the Services at any time without prior notice or liability to you. We
may also remove any content from our Services at our discretion without prior
notice or liability to you. Certain features of the Services may be subject to
additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Services in
connection with such features. All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules
are incorporated by reference into this Agreement. To the extent you are a
subscriber that has entered into an agreement relating to the Services with one
of our service partners and there is a direct conflict between that agreement
and these Terms, the agreement with our service partner applies.

Access to the Service

Subject to the terms of this Agreement and your payment of the applicable fees
in accordance with Bitcasa’s Pricing and Refund Policy, Bitcasa grants you a
non-transferable, non-exclusive, license to use the Services solely for (a)
your personal, noncommercial use if you have subscribed to the Services as an
individual user under Bitcasa’s free or paid plans or (b) your commercial use
in accordance with the applicable restrictions outlined in Bitcasa’s
then-current pricing list if you have subscribed to the Services as a
commercial user. If at any time Bitcasa reasonably believes in its sole
discretion that you are using the Service beyond this scope, Bitcasa may
terminate your access to the Service with no additional liability to you. The
rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions:
(a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute,
host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services; (b) you shall not modify,
make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any
part of the Services; (c) you shall not access the Services in order to build a
similar or competitive service; and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no
part of the Service may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished,
downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means. Any
future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Site or
Services shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Your Digital Belongings & Your Privacy

By using our Services you may provide us with information, files, and/or
folders that you submit to Bitcasa (together, “your digital belongings”). You
and/or your suppliers retain full ownership to your digital belongings. We
don’t claim any ownership to any of it. These Terms do not grant us any
ownership rights to your digital belongings or intellectual property except for
the limited rights that are needed to run the Services, as explained below.

We may need your permission to do things you ask us to do with your digital
belongings, for example, hosting your data, or sharing it at your direction.
This includes product features visible to you, for example, image thumbnails or
document previews. It also includes design choices we make to technically
administer our Services, for example, how we redundantly backup data to keep it
safe. You give us the permissions we need to do those things solely to provide
the Services. This permission also extends to trusted third parties we work
with to provide the Services, for example Amazon, which provides our storage
space (again, only to provide the Services). As such, you grant, and you
represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Bitcasa an
irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide,
sublicenseable license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform,
prepare derivative works of, and otherwise use your digital belongings, solely
for the purposes of providing you with the Services.

To be clear, aside from the rare exceptions we identify in our Privacy Policy,
no matter how the Services change, we won’t share your content with others for
any purpose unless you direct us to. How we collect and use your information
generally is also explained in our Privacy Policy.

You are solely responsible for your conduct, the content of your digital
belongings and your communications with others while using the Services. For
example, it’s your responsibility to ensure that you have the rights or
permission needed to comply with these Terms, host your digital belongings on
the Service, and transmit your digital belongings to others.

We may choose, in our sole discretion, to review public content (e.g., comments
on our blog) for compliance with our community guidelines, but you acknowledge
that Bitcasa has no obligation to monitor any information on the Services. We
are not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, appropriateness, or
legality of files, user posts, or any other information you may be able to
access using the Services.

Sending Your Digital Belongings

The Services provide features that allow you to send your digital belongings to
others via a link. When you elect to send digital belongings via a link, please
be aware that there are no restrictions on what the recipient will do with the
digital belongings you sent. There are many things that other users may do with
those digital belongings (for example: view it, download it, copy it, re-send
it). Please consider carefully what you choose to send publicly. Please note
that if a link you share is posted (by either you or someone you share it with)
on a publicly available website, the link may show up in search engines as a
part of the “indexing” process that search engines use to identify content and
links contained within web pages. Bitcasa has no responsibility for what a
recipient will do with the digital belongings you send to them.

Your Responsibilities

Digital content may be protected by intellectual property rights of others.
Please do not copy, upload, download, or share files unless you have the right
to do so. You acknowledge and agree that you, and not Bitcasa, are fully
responsible and liable for what you copy, share, upload, download or otherwise
use while using the Services. You must not upload spyware or any other
malicious software to the Service that might harm the Service, any computer
network, or other Bitcasa users.

You acknowledge and agree that you, and not Bitcasa, are solely responsible for
maintaining and protecting all of your digital belongings. Bitcasa will not be
liable for any loss or corruption of your digital belongings, or for any costs
or expenses associated with backing up or restoring any of your digital
belongings.

If your contact information, or other information related to your account,
changes, you must notify us promptly and keep your information current.

You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the
Services and you agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You
acknowledge and agree that you, and not Bitcasa, are solely responsible for any
activity using your account, whether or not you specifically authorized that
activity. You must immediately notify Bitcasa of any unauthorized use of your
account. You acknowledge that if you wish to protect your transmission of data
to Bitcasa, it is your responsibility to use a secure connection to communicate
with the Services.

Software and Updates

Some use of our Service requires you to download a client software package
(“Software”). Bitcasa hereby grants you a limited, nonexclusive,
nontransferable, revocable license to use the Software, solely for the purposes
of accessing the Services. Your license to use the Software is automatically
revoked if you violate these Terms. We hereby reserve all rights not expressly
granted in these Terms. You must not modify, make derivative works of, reverse
engineer or decompile the Software, nor attempt to do so, nor assist anyone
else to do so. Our Services may update the Software on your device
automatically when a new version is available and you hereby authorize Bitcasa
to automatically update the Software on your device.

Bitcasa Property and Feedback

These terms do not grant you any right, title, or interest in the Services,
Software, or the content in the Services. While we appreciate it when users
send us feedback, please be aware that we may use any feedback, comments, or
suggestions you send us or post in public parts of our site or Service (e.g.
our forums) without any obligation to you. The Software and other technology we
use to provide the Services are the sole property of Bitcasa and its suppliers
and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United
States and foreign countries. These Terms do not grant you any rights to use
the Bitcasa trademarks, logos, domain names, or other brand features.

Acceptable Use

You will not, and will not attempt to, misuse the Services, and will use the
Services only in a manner consistent with the Bitcasa Acceptable Use Policy.

Copyright

Bitcasa respects others’ intellectual property and asks that you do too. We
will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with
the law and are properly provided to us. Such notices should be reported using
our DMCA Process. We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to
be infringing and have a policy for terminating repeat infringers. Our
designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement on the Services
is:

copyright@bitcasa.com

Or, mail to:


Copyright Agent
Bitcasa, Inc.
1200 Park Place Ste 350
San Mateo, CA 94403


Other Content and Other Users

The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. Bitcasa
does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for their availability,
accuracy, the related content, products, or services. You are solely
responsible for your use of any such websites or resources. Also, if we provide
you with any software under an open source license, there may be provisions in
those licenses that expressly conflict with these Terms, in which case the open
source provisions will apply.

Your interactions with other Service users are solely between you and such
user. You agree that Bitcasa will not be responsible for any loss or damage
incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between
you and any Service user, we are under no obligation to become involved. You
hereby release and forever discharge us (and our officers, employees, agents,
successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every
past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right,
obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature
(including personal injuries, death, and property damage), that has arisen or
arises directly or indirectly out of, or relates directly or indirectly to, any
interactions with, or act or omission of, other Service users or any third
party sites that may be linked to on the Service. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA
RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION
WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS
WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE
TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE
MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”

Termination

Though we’d much rather you stay, you can stop using our Services any time by
following the directions on the Services. We reserve the right to suspend or
end the Services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without
notice. For example, we may suspend or terminate your use if we reasonably
believe in our sole discretion that you are (a) not complying with these Terms
or (b) using the Services in any way that would cause us legal liability or
disrupt others’ use of the Services. If we suspend or terminate your use, we
will make commercially reasonable efforts to let you know in advance and help
you retrieve data, though there may be some cases (for example, repeatedly or
flagrantly violating these Terms, a court order, or danger to other users)
where we may terminate access and delete your digital belongings immediately
without prior notice to you. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature
should survive, shall survive termination of Services, including without
limitation, ownership provisions, indemnification provisions, warranty
disclaimers, access restrictions, and limitations of liability.

Bitcasa is Available “AS-IS”

Though we want to provide a great service, there are certain things about the
service we can’t promise. THE SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND
“AS AVAILABLE” AND AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM
ANY WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, ACCURACY, SECURITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) MAKE
NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE OR SERVICES: (A) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B)
WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS; OR
(C) WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE,
COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE.

BITCASA WILL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY HARM TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS
OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, OR OTHER HARM THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF
THE SERVICES OR SOFTWARE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE TYPES OF DISCLAIMERS IN
THIS SECTION, SO THEY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold Bitcasa (and its officers, employees, and
agents) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand
made by any third party due to or arising out of (i) your use of the Service,
(ii) your digital belongings, (iii) your violation of these Terms; or (iv) your
violation of applicable laws or regulations. Bitcasa reserves the right, at
your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for
which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our
defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior
written consent of Bitcasa. Bitcasa will use reasonable efforts to notify you
of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.

Limitation of Liability

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL BITCASA, ITS
AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO
YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE,
EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS)
DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT BITCASA HAS BEEN WARNED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE.BITCASA’S (AND OUR SUPPLIERS’) AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND
ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICES IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OR $20 OR THE
AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO BITCASA FOR THE PAST THREE MONTHS OF THE SERVICES IN
QUESTION. THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE TYPES OF LIMITATIONS IN THIS PARAGRAPH, SO THEY
MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Modifications

We may revise these Terms in our sole discretion from time to time. When
changes are made, we will make the most current version available on our
website and will update the “Last Updated” date above. If a revision, in our
sole discretion, is material we will notify you via the email address
associated with your account. Any changes to the Terms will be effective
immediately for new users of the Services and will be effective thirty (30)
days after posting notice of such changes on the Service for existing users. By
continuing to access or use the Services after revisions become effective, you
agree to be bound by the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the new terms,
please stop using the Services.

Miscellaneous Legal Terms

These Terms and the use of the services and software will be governed by
California law except for its conflicts of laws principles. All claims arising
out of or relating to these Terms or the Services or software must be litigated
exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara county, California,
and both parties consent to venue and personal jurisdiction there. These Terms
constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between you and Bitcasa with
respect to the Services, and supersede and replace any other agreements, terms
and conditions applicable to the Services. These Terms create no third party
beneficiary rights. Bitcasa’s failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of
its right to do so later. If a provision is found unenforceable the remaining
provisions of the Agreement will remain in full effect and an enforceable term
will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible. You may not
assign any of your rights in these Terms, and any such attempt is void, but
Bitcasa may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to
any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services. Bitcasa
and you are not legal partners or agents; instead, our relationship is that of
independent contractors.

International Terms

Choice of Language. It is the express wish of the parties that the Terms and
all related documents have been drawn up in English. C’est law volone expresse
des parties que la presente convention ainsi que les documents qui s’y
rattacent soient rediges en anglais.

United Kingdom. A third party who is not a party to the Terms has no right
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any provision
of the Terms, but this does not affect any right or remedy of such third party
which exists or is available apart from that Act.

Germany. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, Bitcasa is
also not liable for acts of simple negligence (unless they cause injuries to or
death of any person), except when they are caused by a breach of any
substantial contractual obligations (vertragswesentliche Pflichten).

Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using,
and disclosing your information. Users can access the Bitcasa service (the “
Service”) through our website www.bitcasa.com, applications on Devices, through
APIs, and through third-parties. A “Device” is any computer used to access the
Bitcasa Service, including without limitation a desktop, laptop, mobile phone,
tablet, or other consumer electronic device. This Privacy Policy governs your
access of the Bitcasa Service, regardless of how you access it, and by using
our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage,
disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy. All of the
different forms of data, content, and information described below are
collectively referred to as “information.”

1. The Information We Collect And Store

We may collect and store the following information when running the Bitcasa
Service:

Information You Provide. When you register an account, we collect some personal
information, such as your name, phone number, credit card or other billing
information, email address and home and business postal addresses. You may also
ask us to import your contacts by giving us access to your third party services
(for example, your email account) or to use your social networking information
if you give us access to your account on social network connection services.
When you invite others to join Bitcasa by using our referral page, we send them
a one-time email for that referral. You may also provide us with your contacts’
email addresses when sharing folders or files with them. We may also receive
Personal Information (for example, your email address) through other users, for
example if they have tried to share something with you or tried to refer
Bitcasa to you.

Files. We collect and store the files you upload, download, or access with the
Bitcasa Service (“Files”). If you add a file to your Bitcasa that has been
previously uploaded by you or another user, we may associate all or a portion
of the previous file with your account rather than storing a duplicate.

Log Data. When you use the Service, we automatically record information from
your Device, its software, and your activity using the Services. This may
include the Device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, the web
page visited before you came to our website, information you search for on our
website, locale preferences, identification numbers associated with your
Devices, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with
transactions, system configuration information, metadata concerning your Files,
and other interactions with the Service.

Cookies. We also use “cookies” to collect information and improve our Services.
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Device. We may use
“persistent cookies” to save your registration ID and login password for future
logins to the Service. We may use “session ID cookies” to enable certain
features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service
and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can
instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to
prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not
accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service.

2. How We Use Personal Information

Personal Information. In the course of using the Service, we may collect
personal information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal
Information”). Personal Information is or may be used: (i) to provide and
improve our Service, (ii) to administer your use of the Service, (iii) to
better understand your needs and interests, (iv) to personalize and improve
your experience, and (v) to provide or offer software updates and product
announcements. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please
follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any of those communications,
or update your account settings information.

Geo-Location Information. Some Devices allow applications to access real-time
location-based information (for example, GPS). Our mobile apps do not collect
such information from your mobile device at any time while you download or use
our mobile apps as of the date this policy went into effect, but may do so in
the future with your consent to improve our Services. Some photos and videos
you place in Bitcasa may contain recorded location information. We may use this
information to optimize your experience. If you do not wish to share files
embedded with your geo-location information with us, please do not upload them.
If you don’t want to store location data in your photos or videos, please
consult the documentation for your camera to turn off that feature. Also, some
of the information we collect from a Device, for example IP address, can
sometimes be used to approximate a Device’s location.

Analytics. We also collect some information (ourselves or using third party
services) using logging and cookies, such as IP address, which can sometimes be
correlated with Personal Information. We use this information for the above
purposes and to monitor and analyze use of the Service, for the Service’s
technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and
user-friendliness, and to verify users have the authorization needed for the
Service to process their requests. As of the date this policy went into effect,
we use Google Analytics. To learn more about the privacy policy of Google
Analytics, click here, and to learn how to opt out of that service click here.

3. Information Sharing and Disclosure

Your Use. We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and
elsewhere on the Service according to the preferences you set in your account.
Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others
to know about you. Please consider carefully what information you disclose in
your profile page and your desired level of anonymity. You can review and
revise your profile information at any time. We do not sell your personal
information to third parties. We may also share or disclose your information
with your consent, for example if you use a third party application to access
your account (see below). Through certain features of the Service, you may also
have the ability to make some of your information public. Public information
may be broadly and quickly disseminated.

Service Providers, Business Partners and Others. We may use certain trusted
third party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve
the Service (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services,
database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the
Service’s features). These third parties may have access to your information
only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations
similar to those in this Privacy Policy. As of the date this policy went into
effect, we use Amazon’s S3 storage service to store some of your information
(for example, your Files). You can find more information on Amazon's data
security from the S3 site.

Third-Party Applications. We may share your information with a third party
application with your consent, for example when you choose to access our
Services through such an application. We are not responsible for what those
parties do with your information, so you should make sure you trust the
application and that it has a privacy policy acceptable to you.

Business Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all
or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that
transaction, but we will notify you (for example, via email and/or a prominent
notice on our website) of any change in control or use of your Personal
Information or Files, or if either become subject to a different Privacy
Policy. We will also notify you of choices you may have regarding the
information.

Compliance with Laws and Safety. We may also share your information to (i)
comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, (ii) to
protect the rights and property of Bitcasa our agents, customers, and others
including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use or (iii) in an
emergency to protect the personal safety of its customers or any person.

Non-private or Non-Personal Information. We may disclose your non-private,
aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information, such as usage statistics of
our Service.

4. Changing or Deleting Your Information

If you are a registered user, you may review, update, correct or delete the
Personal Information provided in your registration or account profile by
changing your “account settings.” If your personally identifiable information
changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update or delete it by
making the change on your account settings. In some cases we may retain copies
of your information if required by law. For questions about your Personal
Information on our Service or to request that your Personal Information be
modified or deleted, please contact privacy@bitcasa.com.

5. Data Retention

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as
needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request
that we no longer use your information to provide you services, you may delete
your account here. We may retain and use your information as necessary to
comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our
agreements. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your
information quickly upon request. Please note, however, that there might be
latency in deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might
exist after deletion. In addition, we do not delete from our servers files that
you have in common with other users.

6. Bitcasa Community

Our Service offers publicly accessible community services such as blogs,
forums, and wikis. You should be aware that any information you provide in
these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Your
posts may remain even after you cancel your account. For questions about your
Personal Information on our Service, please contact privacy@bitcasa.com.

Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ
from those of Bitcasa. If you submit personal information to any of those
sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage
you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.

7. Security

The security of your information is important to us. When you enter sensitive
information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the
transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).

We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to
us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of electronic
transmission or storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee
its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website,
you can view our Security Overview Page or contact us at security@bitcasa.com.

8. Our Policy Toward Children

Our Services are not directed to persons under 13. We do not knowingly collect
personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or
guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal
Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
privacy@bitcasa.com.

9. Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@bitcasa.com or at 1200 Park Place Ste 350, San Mateo, CA 94403.

10. Changes to our Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we make a change to this
privacy policy that we believe materially reduces your rights, we will provide
you with notice (for example, by email). And we may provide notice of changes
in other circumstances as well. By continuing to use the Service after those
changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

DMCA Policy

Bitcasa (“Bitcasa”) respects the intellectual property rights of others and
expects its users to do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright
Office website, Bitcasa will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright
infringement committed using the Bitcasa service and/or the Bitcasa website
(the “Site”) if such claims are reported to Bitcasa’s Designated Copyright
Agent identified in the sample notice below.

If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized
to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged
copyright infringements taking place on or through the Site by completing the
following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to Bitcasa’s
Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt of Notice as described below, Bitcasa
will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate,
including removal of the challenged content from the Site.

DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice”)

 1. Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or - if
    multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice - you may provide a
    representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been
    infringed.
 2. Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of
    infringing activity) and to which access is to be disabled, including at a
    minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site or the exact
    location where such material may be found.
 3. Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address,
    telephone number, and, if available, email address.
 4. Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
      □ “I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use
        of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner,
        its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”
      □ “I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and,
        under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on
        behalf of, the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under
        the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”
      □ Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.

Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Bitcasa’s Designated
Copyright Agent:

copyright@bitcasa.com

Or, mail to:


Copyright Agent
Bitcasa, Inc.
1200 Park Place Ste 350
San Mateo, CA 94403


Pricing & Refund Policy

Paid Accounts

Bitcasa offers you the option of increasing your account storage space beyond 5
GB either by inviting friends or for a fee. When you choose to increase
available storage by paying a fee, your account will be converted to a Paid
Account and will not be subject to some of the restrictions placed on Free
Accounts as described below.

Bitcasa accepts credit cards and will automatically charge your credit card
monthly or yearly, depending upon which Paid Account you select, until you
cancel your service in accordance with the directions on our site. For credit
cards denominated in a supported currency other than U.S. dollars (USD), your
bank or credit card company may charge foreign conversion fees. Fees are
exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and
you are responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies or duties.

If any fee is not paid in a timely manner, or Bitcasa is unable to process your
transaction using the credit card information provided, Bitcasa reserves the
right to revoke access to your Bitcasa account and files with no liability to
you. If you do not bring your Bitcasa balance current within five (5) days
after Bitcasa provides you with notification that your account is in arrears,
Bitcasa reserves the right to use our discretion to delete some or all of Your
files so as to reduce your storage space to within the allowed limit, and to
convert your Bitcasa Paid Account to a Free Account (which is subject to the
restrictions described below) with no liability to you.

Billing

The fees for your Paid Account will be billed from the date you elect, or
convert to, a Paid Account and on each monthly or yearly renewal thereafter
unless and until you cancel your account. Click on the link on your "Account
Billing" page to see the commencement date for your next renewal period.
Bitcasa will automatically bill your credit card each month or year on the
calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your Paid Account. In the
event your Paid Account began on a day not contained in a given month or year,
Bitcasa will bill your credit card on the last day of such month or year. For
example, if your Paid Account began on January 31st, February 28th is the next
time your credit card would be billed. You acknowledge that the amount billed
each month or year may vary for reasons that include, differing amounts due to
promotional offers, differing amounts due to changes in your account, or
changes in the amount of applicable sales tax, and you authorize us to charge
your credit card for such varying amounts. Bitcasa may also periodically
authorize your credit card in anticipation of account or related charges. All
fees and charges are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for
partially used periods.

Should you elect to upgrade to a different Paid Account, your next renewal
period will begin after your current subscription ends. For example, if you
begin your monthly billed Paid Account on February 1st, your next payment would
be due on March 1st. On February 15th, you upgrade your monthly Paid Account to
a yearly Paid Account.Your yearly subscription will begin (and be billed) on
March 1st.

Bitcasa may change the fees and charges in effect, or add new fees and charges
from time to time, provided that any changes will not take effect until your
subscription renews and we will give you advance notice of these changes by
email. If you want to use a different credit card or if there is a change in
your credit card validity or expiration date, you may edit your information by
accessing your "Account Billing" page. If your credit card reaches its
expiration date, your continued use the Bitcasa constitutes your authorization
for us to continue billing that credit card and you remain responsible for any
uncollected amounts. It is your responsibility to keep your contact information
and payment information current and updated.

Cancelling Your Account

Your Bitcasa Paid Account will continue in effect unless and until you cancel
your Paid Account in accordance with the directions on the site or we terminate
it. You must cancel your Paid Account before it renews each month or year in
order to avoid billing of the next month's or year's fees to your credit card.
Bitcasa will bill the monthly or yearly fees associated with your Paid Account
plus any applicable tax to the credit card you provide to us during
registration (or to a different credit card if you change your account
information).

No Refunds

Bitcasa Paid Accounts are prepaid and are non-refundable. Bitcasa DOES NOT
PROVIDE REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR ANY PARTIAL MONTHS OR YEARS. You may cancel your
Bitcasa Paid Account at anytime, and cancellation will be effective
immediately. If you wish to cancel your Paid Account you may do so via your
"Account Billing" page. Should you elect to cancel your Paid Account, please
note that you will not be issued a refund for the most recently (or any
previously) charged monthly fees.

By signing up for a Bitcasa Paid Account and providing Bitcasa with your
payment account information, you hereby agree to these payment terms and
conditions.

Free Accounts

Bitcasa allows you to store up to 5 GB free of charge and allows you to
increase your storage capacity by up to 15 extra GB for free by inviting your
friends. Free users get 1 GB of extra storage capacity for each referred
friend, once that friend installs and registers with Bitcasa. The referred
friend will also get 1 GB of extra storage capacity.

Bitcasa reserves the right to terminate Free Accounts at any time, with or
without notice. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if a Free
Account is inactive for ninety (90) days, then Bitcasa may delete any or all of
Your Files without providing additional notice.

Bitcasa allows you a temporary "grace period" when exceeding 5 GB of storage
with a Free Account. However, if you do not upgrade your account, or free up
space to return below 5 GB, within fourteen (14) days of Bitcasa notifying you,
Bitcasa reserves the right to block future uploads and/or access to your
account until the problem is resolved. If it is still not resolved within 90
days, Bitcasa reserves the right to delete any or all of Your Files without
providing additional notice.

Security Overview

We provide this overview so that you can better understand the security
measures we’ve put in place to protect the information that you store using
Bitcasa.

Secure Storage

We encrypt the data that you store on Bitcasa using AES-256, which is the same
encryption standard used by banks to secure customer data. Data is encrypted on
the desktop client before it is uploaded. For mobile clients, data may be
encrypted on the server instead of the client.

Bitcasa uses Amazon S3 for data storage. Amazon stores data over several
large-scale data centers. According to Amazon, they use military grade
perimeter control berms, video surveillance, and professional security staff to
keep their data centers physically secure.

You can find more information about Amazon's security at the Amazon Web
Services' website. Amazon and Bitcasa also employ significant protection
against network security issues such as Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS)
attacks, Man in the Middle (MITM) attacks, and packet sniffing.

Secure Transfers

Your files are sent between Bitcasa’s desktop clients and our servers over a
secure channel using 256-bit SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption, the
standard for secure Internet network connections.

Your files are sent between Bitcasa’s mobile apps and our servers over a secure
channel using 256-bit SSL encryption where supported. Not all mobile media
players support encrypted streaming, so media files streamed from our servers
are not always encrypted.

Your Data is Backed Up

Bitcasa and Amazon keep redundant backups of all data over multiple locations
to prevent the remote possibility of data loss. In the unlikely event that this
redundancy were to fail, folders that you have chosen to Sync using Bitcasa
will still contain copies of your files. However, backups can fail, so it is
your responsibility to make sure that you have independently backed up your
data.

Privacy

We work hard to protect your information from unauthorized access. Bitcasa
employees cannot view the content of the files you store in your Bitcasa
account. In addition, we employ a number of physical and electronic security
measures to protect user information from unauthorized access.

Third-party Apps

If you choose to access Bitcasa using third-party applications (“apps”), be
aware that those apps utilize their own security protocols and have their own
privacy policies. If you’re not comfortable with the privacy and security
features of those apps, you shouldn’t use them to access Bitcasa. For example,
third-party apps might not employ encryption when transmitting data, might
collect information that Bitcasa does not, and might use information
differently than Bitcasa does.

How to Add Your Own Layer of Encryption to Bitcasa

Bitcasa applies encryption to your files on the desktop before they have been
uploaded. Users who wish to manage their own encryption keys can apply
encryption before storing their files on Bitcasa. Please note that if you
encrypt files before uploading them, some features will not be available, such
as creating public links. Doing so will also make it impossible for us to
recover your data if you lose your encryption key.

I think I've found a security exploit. Where do I report security concerns?

We take a number of measures to ensure that the data you store on Bitcasa is
safe and secure. While we're very confident in our technology, we recognize
that no system can guarantee data security with 100% certainty. For that
reason, we will continue to innovate to make sure that our security measures
are state of the art, and we will investigate any and all reported security
issues concerning Bitcasa's services or software. For a direct line to our
security experts, report security issues to security@bitcasa.com. We'll fully
credit anybody whose reports lead to the improvement of Bitcasa security. A
list of those who have contributed reports leading to a bug or security issue
can be found on our special thanks page.

Acceptable Use

Bitcasa is proud of the trust you place in us to store your valuable data. In
exchange, we trust you to use our services responsibly.

Unless you are paying for a commercial account, your Bitcasa account is for
non-commercial, personal use only, and use of a single Bitcasa account by any
corporation or small business entity is strictly prohibited. If you have a
commercial account, you may only use that account in accordance with the
limitations associated with your pricing tier.

You agree not to misuse the Bitcasa services. For example, you must not, and
must not attempt to, use the services to do the following things.

  • probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network;
  • breach or otherwise circumvent any security or authentication measures;
  • access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service, shared areas
    of the Service you have not been invited to, or Bitcasa (or our service
    providers’) computer systems;
  • interfere with or disrupt any user, host, or network, for example by
    sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing any part
    of the Services;
  • disclose your individual account password or share your account credentials
    with any third party or otherwise allow a third party to access your
    account;
  • plant malware or otherwise use the Services to distribute malware;
  • attempt or engage in any potentially harmful acts that are directed against
    the Bitcasa services, including but not limited to violating or attempting
    to violate any security features of the Bitcasa services (or otherwise take
    advantage of any defect in the Bitcasa services), using manual or automated
    software or other means to access, “scrape,” “crawl” or “spider” any pages
    contained in the Bitcasa services or otherwise access or search the
    Services by any means other than our publicly supported interfaces;
  • attempt or engage in any activity that might overwhelm or place a burden on
    the Bitcasa services;
  • send unsolicited communications, promotions or advertisements, or spam;
  • send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information, including
    “spoofing” or “phishing”;
  • publish anything that is fraudulent, misleading, or infringes another's
    rights;
  • promote or advertise products or services other than your own without
    appropriate authorization;
  • impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
  • abuse Bitcasa referrals to get more credit for referrals than deserved;
  • publish or share materials that are unlawfully pornographic or indecent, or
    that advocate bigotry, religious, racial or ethnic hatred;
  • violate the law in any way, or to violate the intellectual property or
    privacy rights of others, or to defame others.

(C) 2014 Bitcasa.
